doc: fmfu_smp_svr fixing variable for DTC overlay (#4149)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/fmfu_smp_svr/README.rst

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_nrf9160.txt

> To use the UART overlay for increasing the transfer speed, add the ``-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=uart.overlay`` flag to your build.
> The following command builds the sample with the UART overlay for nRF9160 DK:

Reviewer: We focus on SES in the instructions, so we should add a link for how to add this option.

```suggestion
To use the UART overlay for increasing the transfer speed, add the ``-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=uart.overlay`` flag to your build.
See :ref:`cmake_options` for instructions on how to add this flag.
For example, when building on the command line, add the UART overlay for nRF9160 DK in the following way:
```

Author: Thanks I have added this now. Previously, I had worded it similarly to how it is worded in the mqtt_simple example [here](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/master/samples/nrf9160/mqtt_simple/README.rst#configuration-files). Perhaps we need to change that to include the SES instructions as well?

Reviewer: Agree - I'll make a task.
